First discovered by explorers of ^city.NameLink^ over 500 hundred years ago the ^northern-occlusion.Name^ is now known to be a region spanning tens of thousands of square miles over both land and sea. Its nearest point to ^city.Name^ is roughly 150 miles up the northern coast. There it crosses onto land and runs at least 100 miles further inland.

From a distance the ^northern-occlusion.Name^ appears as a gigantic dark storm system occasionally exhibiting bright flashes of lightning. As one draws nearer it becomes apparent this is no natural storm. Gigantic natural storm clouds do indeed exist but they are flowing into and breaking against something else entirely. Behind them exists a barrier which appears to be made up of dark gray gases. Its boundary moves like the waves of a stormy sea.

Those foolish continue approaching will encounter a gray mist which moves with the undulations of the Occlusion boundary. First exposure to this mist kills many. Persistent exposure kills all.

Nothing is truly known about what lies inside the ^northern-occlusion.Name^ but it's widely understood to be some type of extra-planar incursion into the world caused by the [Scarring](./scarred-world.md). Many believe it to be part of the Abyss or possibly the Hells but alternative theories are plentiful. Though it is extremely dangerous to approach it hasn't posed a threat to ^city.Name^ in the five centuries since its discovery. Indeed, its boundaries have only been observed to move a handful of miles in that time. As such, people in ^city.Name^ rarely give it thought.
